hi guys today we'll show you how to get
this trick or treat nail design start
with a white base on all your nails if
you're interested on the nails that I
have in the video the link will be down
below next you see Finn brush and black
acrylic paint to create the shapes of
the candies triangle for candy corns
circles for lollipops be creative with
your design
for my thumb I decided to draw a pumpkin
trick or treat basket but you can run
more candies instead if you want
now it's time to add some color use
colorful pains to paint all your candies
to have the perfect outline on all your
candies don't paint all the entire black
shape
don't forget to add your top coat and
that's it now you are ready to go
trick-or-treating
hope you like all my halloween videos
the entire playlist will be in the
description box of this video take care
and I hope you have a safe Halloween bye